.TH DEBIAN-SVP "1" "February 2019" "debian-svp 0.0.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
debian-svp \- create and manage changes against Debian packaging branches
.SH SYNOPSIS
debian\-svp [\-h] [\-\-version] {run,new-upstream,upload-pending,lintian\-brush} ...
.SH DESCRIPTION
debian-svp is a specialized version of \&\fIsvp\fR\|(1) that automatically
resolves Debian package names to the URLs of packaging branches. It also
provides support for a couple of Debian-specific operations.
.SS "COMMAND OVERVIEW"
.TP
.B debian\-svp run [\-h] [\-\-refresh] [\-\-label LABEL] [\-\-name NAME] [\-\-mode {push,attempt\-push,propose}] [\-\-dry\-run] [\-\-commit-pending {auto,yes,no}] package script
Make a change by running a script. \fBURL\fR should be the URL of a repository
to make changes to. Script will be run in a checkout of the URL, with the
opportunity to make changes. Depending on the specified mode, the changes will
be committed and pushed back to the repository at the original URL or proposed
as a change to the repository at the original URL.
.TP
.B debian\-svp new\-upstream [\-h] [\-\-snapshot] [\-\-no\-build\-verify] [\-\-pre\-check PRE_CHECK] [\-\-dry\-run] [\-\-mode {push,attempt\-push,propose}] packages [packages ...]
Create a merge proposal merging a new upstream version. The location of the
upstream repository is retrieved from the \fBdebian/upstream/metadata\fR file,
and the tarball is fetched using \&\fIuscan\fR\|(1).
.TP
.B "debian-svp upload-pending"
Upload pending commits in a packaging branch.
.TP
.B debian\-svp lintian\-brush [\-\-fixers FIXERS] [\-\-dry\-run] [\-\-propose\-addon\-only PROPOSE_ADDON_ONLY] [\-\-pre\-check PRE_CHECK] [\-\-post\-check POST_CHECK] [\-\-build\-verify] [\-\-refresh] [\-\-committer COMMITTER] [\-\-mode {push,attempt\-push,propose}] [\-\-no\-update\-changelog] [\-\-update\-changelog] [packages [packages ...]]
Create a merge proposal fixing lintian issues.
.SS "optional arguments:"
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B  debian\-svp lintian\-brush \fBhttps://salsa.debian.org/python-team/packages/dulwich\fR
Run \&\fIlintian\-brush\fR\|(1) on the \fBdulwich\fR package and create a merge
proposal with the resulting changes.
.TP
.B  debian\-svp lintian\-brush \fBdulwich\fR
Run \&\fIlintian\-brush\fR\|(1) on the \fBdulwich\fR package and create a merge
proposal with the resulting changes.
.TP
.B  debian\-svp new\-upstream \fBdulwich\fR
Create a new merge proposal merging the latest upstream version of
\fBdulwich\fR into the packaging branch.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\&\fIsvp\fR\|(1), \&\fIgit\fR\|(1), \&\fIbrz\fR\|(1), \&\fIlintian-brush\fR\|(1)
.SH "LICENSE"
GNU General Public License, version 2 or later.
.SH AUTHORS
Jelmer Vernooij <jelmer@jelmer.uk>
